[Nuck]
Previously on The Chi...
[Tiff]
Did you kill Pastor Zeke?
You can't just accuse me
of some shit like that
and not tell me where
you heard it from.
Lynae.
-Is it true?
-No.
Where are you going?
[Nuck] I got to take care
of something.
You been running your mouth
to your bitch?
Nigga. fuck you.
You don't work for me no more.
-[Bakari] Do it. nigga.
-Don't tempt me.
[Emmett]
You done with Nuck for good?
Yep.
You better be.
or else you can't work here.
You can mop the floors
and be on trash duty.
Hey. man. what you doing?
You're behind in payments.
-[Reg] You want your car back?
-Of course.
Move these for me.
I'll split the profits with you.
[Patience] You were with Shaad
when Alicia was murdered.
Are you really gonna let
an innocent man
die in prison over some money?
What happens
if I change my story?
I'll make sure you're protected
for telling the truth.
[Nora] We were together.
-[Patience] All night?
-[Nora] All night.
Please tell Shaad
I said I'm sorry.
Only if you tell me
who paid you to lie.
Roselyn Perry.
[gasps]
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
I love you.
♪ Jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ dramatic music ♪
When a man tells you
he loves you.
you supposed
to say that shit back.
I don't believe in that.
What that mean?
I have to mean it.
So you don't love me?
[sighs] I don't know.
♪♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[distant siren wailing]
♪♪♪
[Ms. Rodriguez] How's
the young boys group going?
It's all right.
He loves it.
He got cool with two of the
other boys in there with him.
Okay.
That's great.
My granddaddy's girlfriend
makes me go.
Emmett's dad and his girlfriend
are staying with us.
Well. it takes a village.
How are you two doing
with everything?
That's a good question.
Yeah.
It seems like you have
a lot going on.
Nothing we can't handle.
We're thinking
about couples counseling.
Maybe you should.
Are y'all breaking up?
Get out of grown folks'
business.
[chuckles]
Kids want stability.
We're really doing
the best we can.
That's all you can do.
This isn't a judgment call.
just some words of advice.
Take what you need
and leave the rest.
Thank you.
♪ Today's agenda... pay
attention. I am your mental ♪
♪ Approach with caution
when you enter ♪
♪ We never really know
what's at the center ♪
♪ But once you there.
it's no turning back ♪
♪ Stick with it
like a splinter ♪
♪ I never got time ♪
♪ Even though I got
a Hublot and a AP ♪
♪ The patty make
these fake niggas hate me ♪
♪ I'ma go out ♪
♪ I can't let
these niggas take me ♪
♪ I never been shook. even
if the Earth shakes me ♪
♪ Food for thought.
put it in the dishwasher ♪
♪ Spread the word about
what a real nigga told you ♪
♪ It's absurd
to listen to his shit ♪
♪ Motherfuckers ♪
Hey. fuck that nigga.
You just mad
he younger than you.
-I don't trust him.
-[Reg] You don't have to.
I do.
[indistinct chatter]
He a snitch.
-And you a traitor.
-So are you.
I ain't turn on nobody.
You don't fuck
with Big Mike no more.
That nigga left me for dead.
That's different.
Bakari ain't bout this life.
We'll see.
[engine turning over]
♪ Dramatic jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Put that on the gang ♪
♪ I never thought
that you would switch up ♪
♪ Niggas put
that pressure on you ♪
♪ Made a nigga bitch up ♪
♪ Should've kept
your mouth closed ♪
♪ When you got picked up ♪
♪ Now you in that body bag ♪
♪ Gettin' all zipped up ♪
♪ Put that on the gang ♪
♪ I never thought
that you would switch up ♪
♪ Niggas put
that pressure on you ♪
♪ Made a nigga bitch up ♪
♪ Should've kept
your mouth closed ♪
♪ When you got picked up ♪
♪ Now you in that body bag ♪
♪ Gettin' all zipped up ♪
-[zipper closes]
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ It was all good
just a week ago ♪
♪ Niggas had that bag.
we was feastin'. bro ♪
♪ Till you got jammed up ♪
♪ Fuck you started speakin' for?
♪
♪ They only had you in the
county for a weekend. bro ♪
♪ Street shit...
niggas ain't built for it ♪
[person]
All right. dude.
♪ Went from talkin' to get
a nigga kilt for it ♪
♪ Don't step onto this field
if you ain't really for it ♪
♪ 'Cause I done seen
the toughest niggas ♪
♪ Become a real informant ♪
♪ Should've kept
your mouth closed ♪
♪ When you got picked up ♪
♪ Now you in that body bag ♪
♪ Gettin' all zipped up ♪
-[zipper closes]
-♪ Yeah ♪
[Bakari] You know your money's
no good here.
I don't mind paying.
[sighs] Since when you
start popping pills?
Weed's getting old.
-You good?
-Yeah.
-You sure?
-You good?
[sighs] Not really.
-You want to talk about it?
-No.
Me either.
♪ Dramatic jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
Why was you gonna let me
take the fall for some shit
you know I didn't do?
She said you wouldn't be
in there for long.
Who said that?
[sighs] I-I can't say.
Who was it?
You out now.
so that's all that matters.
Yeah. now that my girl had to
beg you to do the right thing.
Y'all together?
-We giving it a try...
-[scoffs]
[Shaad] ...now that I'm out.
Wow. [chuckles]
-Oh. I know you ain't judging.
-Men move on quick.
-Yeah. women fold for money.
-Money is tight.
Money's always tight.
Look. just be careful. okay?
What's that supposed to mean?
I mean. you went
back on your word.
so whoever paid you is probably
gonna come looking for you.
-I'll be fine.
-You sure?
-Are you trying to scare me?
-I'm from these streets.
I know what goes on around here.
Just make sure you get somebody
to watch your back. okay?
-I don't need you to do it.
-It don't have to be me.
Just...
ask somebody.
Patience already found someone
to protect me.
Good.
♪ Soft jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
[door opens. closes]
[Emmett] I'm finally ready
to propose to Kiesha again.
[laughs] It's about time!
[laughter]
When you gonna do it?
Where you gonna do it?
-Oh. you got your mama's ring?
-Hold on. Damn. relax.
I-I just said
I'm ready to do it.
I don't... I don't know when yet.
You need to hurry up.
I want everything to be perfect.
Boy. ain't nothing perfect.
You just need to get it done.
Nah. Nah. nah. nah.
This... this the last time
I'm ever proposing. Pop.
[chuckles]
I want it to be special.
Hmm. Yeah. I hear that.
I could do it here at home.
Yeah. just make sure them kids
ain't being loud
and running around
acting all crazy.
Shoot. hmm.
-That's all they do.
-[laughter]
Yeah. you right about that.
[chuckles]
Hey. you know. I can take them
out the house.
if you need me to.
-I'm gonna hold you to that.
-[Darnell chuckles] You better.
Hey.
-Proud of you. son.
-[Emmett] Thanks. Pop.
I wish your mama
was here to see this.
Yeah. I know.
She is here.
I can feel her spirit.
♪ Soft jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
[R&B music playing
over speakers]
♪♪♪
You believe in women
proposing to men?
Mm...
I don't know if that's
something you can believe in.
But if a woman wants
to propose to her man.
then that's her business.
I don't get what that
has to do with me.
So you wouldn't judge me if
I wanted to propose to Emmett?
Oh. my gosh. Kiesha!
[laughing]
What? That's amazing.
Of course I wouldn't judge you.
Congratulations.
I haven't done it yet.
[Riley] Yeah. but when you do.
girl. he gonna say yes so fast.
you won't even be able
to get the question out.
-I hope so.
-[Riley inhales deeply]
[sighs] So romantic.
-[Kiesha] You think so?
-Mm-hmm.
Who made up the rule
that only men can propose?
-[Kiesha] I don't know.
-Exactly.
So why we living by it?
Can't argue with that.
[Riley] And if somebody
has a problem with it.
you let that be a reflection
of them. not you.
-[Kiesha] You're right.
-I know I'm right.
I've been around
long enough to know
that judging
how other people live.
that won't do nothing for me
but put me into an early grave.
And I plan on living
a long life.
Me too.
♪♪♪
So when you gonna do it?
I don't know.
I got to figure all that out.
[Riley]
Well. whatever you decide...
I know it's gonna be a day
you will never forget.
Thank you...
for everything.
♪♪♪
-[screams happily]
-[laughter]
♪ I do it to the max ♪
♪ Parachute a strap ♪
♪ Fuck where you been.
it's all about where you at ♪
♪ Ten toes in the game.
and I never switch sides ♪
♪ And I ain't talkin' down
when I'm speakin' on high ♪
♪ Real niggas don't die.
we just find another body... ♪
♪♪♪
Your boy selling for your enemy.
-[car door closes]
-Who told you that?
Streets talk.
Reg ain't shit.
Neither is Bakari.
We should just pop both of them.
We don't need
that kind of attention.
If he want to work
for Reg. let him.
He won't be there long.
Knowing Reg. he gonna smoke him
for no reason.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[brakes squeal]
What you doing here?
[Reg] Well. nigga. I know
you ain't get your ride back
from the repo man.
Whatever.
[Reg laughing]
♪♪♪
What?
What you mean "what"?
Where my money?
That's why you picking me up?
You think we friends. nigga?
Here.
[Reg] Man.
Bet.
[Bakari] Where's my cut?
Nah. I want my money.
Those were my drugs.
so this is my money.
Come on. man. you owe me a cut.
Stop bullshitting.
[laughing]
[Bakari] Appreciate it.
Now. some of that is an advance.
[Bakari] All right.
If you don't move my shit.
I want my money back.
-I'm gonna move it.
-You better.
♪ Hip-hop music ♪
♪♪♪
This new strain
is called Peach Puss.
[Shawnita] Mm.
Do it really taste like puss?
And peaches.
My two favorite flavors.
[Tiff laughs]
[Jake] Can I try?
[Shawnita]
This grown-folk weed.
[Tiff] Yeah. this gonna put
some hair on your chest.
-[Shawnita] And other places.
-Man. I'm grown.
-Nigga. you ain't grown.
-[scoffs] Whatever.
[Tiff] Let's see.
♪♪♪
Puss don't taste like this.
-[laughter]
-How would you know?
Right.
What you gonna make
to go with it?
-My hot honey wings...
-[Tiff] Mmm.
And some crispy truffle fries.
-Damn. I want that right now.
-Yeah. me too.
-So you good to work the party?
-Yeah.
I can invite some of my friends?
Mm-mm. Nah. I can't have all
that riffraff at this party.
I thought we was collaborating.
You better be grateful
that I hired you at all.
Can I at least bring
my girl. then?
Since when you got a girl?
She helping me with my socials.
Mm-hmm. Okay. she can come.
♪♪♪
Man. I still can't believe
y'all touched the damn body.
[Shaad] Hey. man.
she wasn't just a body.
She was someone I loved. man...
woman I was hired to protect.
We're sorry for both of y'all.
You guys have been
through a lot.
We out.
That's all that matters.
-Yeah.
-[Darnell] Hey. there it is.
[R&B music playing softly
over speakers]
♪♪♪
I still want to know
who took her out. though.
All the niggas she done shot
at... could've been anybody.
Half of the niggas she shot at
ain't do shit to her.
[sighs] Nuck be killing niggas
for no reason. too.
Yeah. he do.
-Then why'd you work for him?
-I ain't really have a choice.
But...
I told you.
I don't work for him no more.
Since when?
I'm done.
♪♪♪
That's all that matters.
[Shaad] Good.
I want you out the streets.
Why Papa look at you like that?
-Like what?
-Like you know something
-I don't know shit.
-Me neither.
Ah. y'all can't lie for shit.
I'm just glad I got a job
at Smokey's.
-And that's some good money.
-According to you.
-You ain't got no kids to feed.
-Not yet.
-Yo. Lynae pregnant?
-No.
Good. 'cause we got
enough babies running around.
I know you not talking.
Hey. I'm done raising kids.
He just move in with them now.
[laughing] You're damn right.
[Emmett]
You're lucky I love you.
Papa. you all right?
Yeah. why?
[Victor] Just quiet is all.
I'm chilling.
You ain't got nothing
you want to share?
Nah.
♪♪♪
Nah. I'm...
I'm good.
♪♪♪
I ain't know this was
your husband's spot.
Oh. he's not my husband... yet.
I know that's right.
He needs to hurry up
and get you a ring.
All these niggas
want to get us pregnant.
but nobody want to get married.
Yeah. [sighs]
-How your son doing?
-Which one?
How many kids you got?
Oh. I consider Emmett's boys
my kids. too.
Damn. you a good one.
We a blended family.
You know how that go.
I was talking about Devante.
Oh.
-He's good.
-Yeah.
Tevin's been doing better
ever since he started going
to that center.
Riley is really great with him.
It takes a village.
And you got a whole city
in your house.
[laughter]
♪ Hip-hop music ♪
♪ Only thing on my mind.
I just want revenge ♪
♪ I know if I don't get it.
the pain will never end ♪
♪♪♪
Why'd you lie?
I don't work for Nuck no more.
Then whose pills
did you sell me?
Papa. you taking pills now?
Sometimes.
Where'd you get them?
[sighs]
Reg.
-You working for my brother?
-I didn't have a choice.
Don't fuck around
and get yourself killed.
It hasn't happened yet.
I ain't trying to go
to no more funerals.
Chicago got a ton of them.
[sighs] People die everywhere.
♪♪♪
Y'all ever thought
about leaving the Chi?
-Sometimes.
-No.
You ain't never thought
about getting a passport?
I ain't trying
to go out the country.
There's more
to life than Chicago.
-I'm good.
-[Bakari] I'm not.
Why not?
This can't be it.
Shit. it might be.
♪♪♪
There are two types
of people in this world...
those that reach for more...
and those
that just enjoy what they got.
♪♪♪
Which one are you?
I don't know yet.
♪♪♪
Can you be both?
Having one foot in
and one foot out.
it's no way to live.
No...
it's not.
♪♪♪
[Mondo]
Y'all think she on OnlyFans?
[indistinct chatter]
[Tevin] Nah. she look
like she from the burbs.
-Them be the main ones.
-Hmm.
-I dare you to ask her.
-Nah.
Come on. bro.
I'll give you 20 bucks.
Make it 200.
I ain't got that kind of money.
Ain't your dad a drug dealer?
Ain't none
of your business. bro.
Rocks.
[indistinct chatter continues]
Hey.
Can I help you?
Do you be on OnlyFans?
Why you asking?
-My boys dared me to.
-Whoa. Bro.
Y'all are dumb.
What's your name?
You are not cute enough
for me to tell you.
[laughter]
♪ Where you been. girl?
Who got you tied up ♪
♪ Bougie but ghetto.
got your hot tub ♪
♪ Kept you on heat.
I had you fired up ♪
♪ You was my keeper.
now your time up ♪
♪♪♪
You late.
I had to take care of something.
[Shawnita] Like what?
Some business.
What other business you got?
♪♪♪
It won't happen again.
I'm not stupid.
I used to run the streets
when I was your age.
When did you stop?
After I got locked up.
♪♪♪
[sighs] Just be careful.
I will.
♪♪♪
[gunfire on video game]
[hip-hop music playing
over speakers]
♪♪♪
I need some more shit to move.
-I gave it to Bakari.
-Why?
'Cause he move shit
faster than you.
'Cause he a little-ass kid that
ain't got no responsibilities.
[Reg] He work faster than you.
I don't care why.
Stop using your kid
as an excuse.
I wasn't fucking talking to you.
I don't give a fuck.
I'll kill you
and that little nigga.
You ain't gonna kill nobody.
-[Reg] Put the gun down.
-Don't tell me what to do.
If you kill him.
then I got to kill you.
And I don't feel like killing
nobody today.
♪♪♪
Crazy-ass bitch.
[Jackie]
Who you calling a bitch?
-[Rafi] You.
-Nigga. fuck you.
-[Rafi] You wish.
-[scoffs] Nigga. please.
Matter of fact. you probably do
need some dick.
-I'm good.
-[Rafi] You sure?
Your dick can't do shit for me.
-We'll see.
-[Jackie] No. we not.
Man. both of y'all need
to shut the fuck up.
♪♪♪
[Mondo] My mom said
whoever controls social media
controls our minds.
[Tevin] That's crazy.
[Devante]
It don't sound that crazy.
-[Patience] Hey. baby.
-Hey. Ma.
-[Patience] How'd it go today?
-Good.
-Did you behave yourself?
-[Mondo] Yeah.
Mm-hmm. you better not be lying.
I'm not.
Can we stop at Smokey's
on the way home?
-You got Smokey's money?
-No.
Exactly.
Come on.
♪ Bright hip-hop music ♪
[person vocalizing]
♪♪♪
♪ Man. my heart so big. man.
I had to step back ♪
♪ I put time in my craft.
I'm a full-time dad ♪
♪ Morning time decision.
hard time. bought a rag ♪
♪ Son dropped off.
now I'm back to the lab ♪
♪ G350 sittin' nice
on the pavement ♪
♪ Espresso shot
while I count this paper... ♪
♪♪♪
[Shawnita]
You waiting for food?
Nah. I'm looking for Bakari.
-He ain't here.
-He said he was working today.
He lied to you.
♪♪♪
Thank you.
I already told him
to be careful.
I tell him that all the time.
Street life...
it's hard to leave.
I know.
♪♪♪
♪ Dang. life is beautiful ♪
[Riley laughs]
What you cheesing about?
Nothing. [chuckles]
Man. you lying.
I can't tell you.
-Why not?
-'Cause you can't hold water.
[laughs]
Look. I promise
I'll keep it between us.
[Riley sighs]
Kiesha's gonna propose
to Emmett.
-Oh. shit.
-What?
He told me that he was finally
ready to propose to her.
-Oh. my gosh. [laughs]
-[Darnell sighs]
Those two were meant to be.
[sighs] This is so sweet.
Oh. no. a woman proposing
to a man is crazy.
No. it's not.
I can't have Kiesha
embarrassing herself.
I'll tell Emmett
to get a move on.
No. you can't tell him.
Kiesha would kill me.
If I have to watch that sweet
girl bend down on one knee
and propose to my son.
I-I'll kill myself.
Things not like they used to be.
See. that's the problem
with the Black family.
Women want to act like men.
men want to act like women.
[chuckles]
This is not the '50s.
I got to light a fire
under that boy's ass.
[Riley] No. you don't.
-So what we supposed to do?
-Let it play out.
[chuckles]
Ah. it wouldn't be my son
if it wasn't unorthodox.
-[Riley] Mm-hmm.
-All right.
[laughter]
[both] Ahh.
Not a word.
[laughter]
[indistinct chatter]
[Jackie] Welcome back.
I don't plan
on being here for long.
Where you trying to go now?
I haven't figured it out yet.
but I need more opportunities.
It don't matter
what city you in.
It's about how hard
you want to go.
-I'm on it.
-Are you?
-I'm doing the best I can.
-You ain't famous.
You know how much money it costs
to be famous
in the music business?
A lot.
Your talent ain't enough?
Talent ain't been enough
since the '90s.
It's all about
how many followers
-you got on social media.
-How many followers you got?
Apparently not enough
to impress you.
[both chuckle]
[R&B music playing softly
over speakers]
♪♪♪
When the last time you talked
to your brother?
♪♪♪
It's been a while.
He working for Reg now.
I thought that nigga was dead.
Not no more.
What Reg got him doing?
Pushing pills.
Fuck.
I know.
♪♪♪
I'll talk to him.
Need to hurry up.
♪ Couple years older.
I need a scandal ♪
♪ You seen how I handle it.
criminal ♪
♪♪♪
I went by Smokey's.
-You spying on me?
-Should I be?
I'm grown.
Why did you lie?
[sighs]
Smokey's money ain't enough.
How much money do you need?
I want enough
to get my car back.
A fancy car ain't worth
your life.
It's my life.
And I don't want to spend
the rest of my life
-worrying about you.
-You don't got to.
You talk all big and bad.
but when I leave you.
you come back crying.
[Bakari scoffs]
Ain't nobody crying over you.
Get out.
[door opens. closes]
All right. y'all had
enough screen time.
You can talk to each other now.
Come on.
-Give me that.
-[Kiesha] How's the rec center?
Fine.
Just "fine"?
Yeah. It's cool.
He tried to talk
to this one girl.
and let's just say
he went about it all wrong.
What girl?
She didn't give me her name.
-Were you respectful?
-Nope.
Hey. hey. hey. chill.
Look. when dealing
with young ladies.
please treat them the way you
would want someone to treat me.
-That's what I told him.
-No. you didn't.
You like this girl?
Mm-mm-mm.
Y'all too young to be thinking
about girls anyway.
No. they're not.
Yeah. you're right.
These kids act older than us.
I had at least two girlfriends
by the time I was his age.
-I want three girlfriends.
-Stop trying to one-up me.
I can't handle more than one.
This is why I don't want
to get married.
You say that now.
There's nothing wrong
with being married.
The goal is not to get divorced.
[Devante]
You already been divorced.
And I'm not trying to go
through it again.
All right. let's play.
[announcer on TV]
Welcome back...
They remind you of somebody?
-Yeah.
-[Kiesha chuckles softly]
Just can't figure out who.
♪ Upbeat hip-hop music ♪
♪♪♪
[person rapping
in native language]
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪♪
-You good?
-Man. nah.
What's up?
[Jake] Des just posted
a pic with some nigga.
-I thought y'all was vibing.
-Shit. I did too.
These girls be on some bullshit.
Lynae kicked me out.
-For real?
-Yeah.
Man. fuck her.
[Bakari]
You sure the pic is real?
Shit. what you think. it's AI?
Nah. I mean. she could be
trying to make you jealous.
Girls be posting
pictures of niggas
they don't even like just
to make they new nigga mad.
-But why would she do that?
-[Bakari] I don't get it.
I don't be on socials like that.
[Jake sighs]
♪♪♪
You good?
I don't know.
What's wrong?
Nuck told me he loved me.
What'd you say?
You really want to know?
Why wouldn't I?
I know we got
through Emmett stuff.
but I don't know how you feel
now that I'm with Nuck.
Emmett is my man.
Nuck is my child's father.
It's a difference.
I ain't say it back.
Well. why not?
Because I have to mean it.
Wow.
Right.
Was he mad?
He got out the tub
and didn't say shit else.
Y'all gonna make it?
I don't know.
How are you and Emmett?
We good.
I'm happy for y'all.
For real?
For real. He is all yours.
Good. because I'm thinking
about proposing to his ass.
-[chuckles]
-Are you serious?
Yeah.
[Tiff] Are you nuts?
No. I'm a woman
that want to be married.
Then let his ass propose.
He did. and I said no.
I think it really fucked him up.
It's okay for him
to be fucked up.
I know.
But I think that's why
I got to do it this time.
He always proposes when
he think he's gonna lose you.
He ain't losing me.
And y'all not losing me either.
Good.
Ain't no man coming between us.
♪♪♪
♪ We fucked. like. a hour ♪
♪ Smoked one. got them
Mickey D's fries. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'm in the back eatin' big
with my niggas ♪
♪ Rob comes up
with them Swishers ♪
♪♪♪
What?
Hey. who that nigga
in your story?
Nobody.
Don't lie.
[sighs] That's my ex.
Why you posting?
Are you jealous?
-What. you want me to be?
-[chuckles]
Look. I just post silly shit
to fuck with people.
Why?
It gets the people going.
It's lame.
My stories do numbers. though.
-And mine don't?
-No. they don't.
-Then help me.
-I'm trying.
♪♪♪
Are you happy now?
[laughter]
♪♪♪
I don't know what
they're talking about.
♪♪♪
I don't like that nigga.
Me neither.
I can't believe
Tiff is fucking with him.
-[Kenya] She shouldn't be.
-I know.
I know what he did.
What you mean?
You know.
[scoffs] I don't know if I do.
I'm sure Bakari told you.
♪♪♪
[scoffs] He ain't told me shit.
Zay told me what happened.
When?
Before he died.
♪♪♪
Damn.
I'd tell Tiff.
but I already told her
some other shit Nuck's done.
and they still boo'd up.
Females don't want to hear
the truth about they niggas.
♪♪♪
I can't go to her
unless I have proof.
Actually...
I do have proof.
What?
♪♪♪
Not here.
[people cheering]
♪♪♪
♪ dramatic music ♪
Get out.
-I'm working.
-For Reg?
-And for Emmett.
-Oh. so you rich?
Richer than I was
working for you.
I'm the only reason
you're alive.
Not here.
[Nuck] He needs to go now.
-He's working with Shawnita.
-[Nuck] I don't give a fuck.
He needs to get out.
Go.
♪♪♪
You choosing this nigga over me?
Yes.
♪♪♪
Fuck both of y'all.
Niggas gonna find out
what you did.
♪♪♪
I might have to kill that nigga.
-Don't talk like that.
-I can talk how I want.
♪♪♪
Watch out.
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs deeply]
[distant siren wailing]
♪ Somber jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
Sorry for coming by so late.
I already know what you came
to talk to me about.
Okay.
I know Nora probably told you
I came to see her.
No. she didn't.
-[Shaad sighs]
-How's she doing?
She's just a little scared.
but she was happy to see me.
Were you happy to see her?
I guess so.
Even though she was about
to let you rot in jail?
I'm just worried about her.
Why?
Well. I wonder whoever
she took that money from
knows what she did.
I'll make sure
it doesn't get out.
-You can't protect her.
-Neither can you.
Look. I'm already fucked up
over Alicia's death.
I just don't want something bad
to happen to Nora. too.
[sighs] It won't.
Thank you.
I know she risked her life
to get you out.
I got eyes on her house.
Okay.
All right.
I'll stop worrying. then.
-Good.
-[chuckles]
[sighs]
Oh. so what did
you want to tell me?
Nothing.
We can talk about it later.
♪ Somber music ♪
♪♪♪
[sighs]
[Bakari] How you been?
[Britney] It's been a lot.
♪♪♪
You and Gemma still together?
We barely holding on.
How are you and Lynae?
Lynae just kicked me out.
♪♪♪
-Love is hard.
-[scoffs] Who you telling?
I heard you pushing pills now.
-Who told you?
-It don't matter.
Nuck dropped me.
so I had to go work for Reg.
-Don't fuck with him.
-He pays.
I don't want to get no calls
about you being dead
or locked up.
You gonna need money
for studio time.
-I'll figure it out.
-You ain't figured shit out.
♪♪♪
I know.
That's why I'm trying
to make a move.
To where?
I don't know yet.
But somewhere
with more opportunity.
So you came back just to say
you're leaving me again?
I came back to see
if you want to come with me.
What?
I don't want to leave
you here again.
[distant siren wailing]
♪♪♪
[bottle thuds on shelf]
[Bakari sighs]
♪♪♪
Chicago is all I know.
There's more out there.
♪♪♪
Just think about it.
[door closes]
[Zay on phone]
I want you to have this
just in case
somebody takes me out. baby.
Nuck killed Rob.
I watched him do it.
He'd kill me. too.
if I wasn't his blood.
But that don't make me safe.
Knowing him. he'll just get
someone else to do it.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[gunfire on video game]
[hip-hop music playing
over speakers]
♪♪♪
You're too young
to kick it with us.
Get out.
-Reg don't mind.
-He ain't Nuck.
♪♪♪
Go to the store for me.
Grab me some chips. too.
Do you ever shut the fuck up?
Don't make me knock
your ass out.
[Bakari] Do it.
Sit down.
Let them fight.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[Bakari grunting.
kicks landing violently]
♪♪♪
[Rafi groaning]
[Reg laughing]
I still need you to go
to the store. nigga.
♪♪♪
[distant siren wailing]
[door opens]
-[Tiff] Hey.
-Hey.
What was all that
with Bakari last night?
Can't trust him.
What did he mean when he said
that we were gonna find out
what you did?
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪ Fly by like
a bat coming out ♪
♪ In the back seat.
high as hell off of hell a Ls ♪
♪ I was smoking Ls
way before I had my damn Ls ♪
♪ I was on the I with a Glock.
not for show-and-tell ♪
♪ I'll pop your ass. put one
in your head and your tail ♪
♪ Snake-ass nigga. now you
know your tail very frail ♪
♪ Slide the door back ♪
♪ Flip your ass
like it's heads or tails ♪
♪ Found 'em in your hood ♪
♪ Catch your hats
like they on sale ♪
♪ They can catch me or not.
either way. I'm gonna bail ♪
♪ Gonna bail. gonna bail.
gonna bail ♪
♪ They can catch me
or not. nigga ♪
♪ Either way. I'm gonna bail.
bail. bail. bail ♪
♪ You done sold out
to the Feds. nigga ♪
♪ Nigga.
that's the wrong sale ♪
♪ Get to running. nigga.
'cause they coming. nigga ♪
♪ In the back seat. we got
hundreds and hundreds. nigga ♪
♪ They can't get it. nigga.
but they want it. nigga ♪
♪ Just keep runnin'.
just keep runnin ♪
♪ Just keep runnin'. nigga. ♪
♪ What's a hundred. nigga?
It's a furnace. nigga ♪
♪ If I'm comin'. then I'm
comin' like a comet. nigga ♪
♪ Throw one trip
up in that back seat ♪
♪ Make you vomit. nigga ♪
♪ They only excuse you
if you got the stomach ♪
♪ Chain going crazy ♪
♪ You can see it
from the back seat ♪
♪ Ferrari got the back doors
and the back seats ♪
♪ If I ain't
baddest motherfucker ♪
♪ You can slap me ♪
♪ If I ain't baddest
motherfucker. come attack me ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org